---
title: note for interaction or observation with K
date: 2024-10-26T05:14:48.213Z
---








TBC
since 2 days ago i re watch The Founder of Diabolism and this give me a very good idea abt our conflict --- mostly is different Values and we almost use totally opposite perspective to view things.
i want to make overview for :

### **1** why i choose to meet when i know i should do this and the mistake i make  
i know in her this stage what is her need, and i know that's sth i cant provide because that's sth i do not agree. so the smartest choice is actually do not meet at first tbh and this is the mistake i make here. sympathy, or say too soft hearted at that time and the next 1 year.  
this is actually not the wrong or right stuff, youk sometimes It's the complexity and the fact that it's not black and white that makes things meaningful  
  
he/she let me remember that I used to be such an obnoxious person lol   
  
I'm too familiar with he/her everything.  
In a sense I think people who have deleted me, people who have openly hated me, people who have been unwilling to interact with me and disgusted by me have done a very good job. I have almost no contact with anyone I knew in the past, and I can say that I'm unilaterally guilty of being heartbroken. Meet up? Say what? Apologize? It's too heavy lol     
I understand why he is so hostile to the outside world, I understand that kind of shame and disgust. In a sense, how can one deal with relationships and conflicts between people themselves and the outside world when one's inner conflicts are not resolved?


### **2** what are the "different" and why

- values
- perspective/position  
- different life stage  

  
different:   
use watch anime for example:  
one is take "self" into anime, use "my perspective/feeling" to view the plot and character  
one is use third perspective to view character, like "this character can never interact with me i admire this character without myself in it"
### **3** the reason for first and second delete and why this is the must